I think it’s wrong that the game Monopoly is sold by only one company.
All those who believe in psychokinesis raise my hand.
The early bird gets the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.
I almost had a psychic girlfriend but she left me before we met.
OK, so what's the speed of dark?
How do you tell when you're out of invisible ink?
If everything seems to be going well, you have obviously overlooked something.
Support bacteria - they're the only culture some people have.
When everything is coming your way, you're in the wrong lane.
Ambition is a poor excuse for not having enough sense to be lazy.
Hard work pays off in the future. Laziness pays off now.
Everyone has a photographic memory. Some just don't have film.
Shin: a device for finding furniture in the dark.
Many people quit looking for work when they find a job.
I intend to live forever - so far, so good.
Join the Army, meet interesting people, kill them.
If Barbie is so popular, why do you have to buy her friends?
Eagles may soar, but weasels don't get sucked into jet engines.
When I'm not in my right mind, my left mind gets pretty crowded.
Boycott shampoo! Demand the REAL poo!
Who is General Failure and why is he reading my hard disk?
What happens if you get scared half to death twice?
I used to have an open mind but my brains kept falling out.
I couldn't repair your brakes, so I made your horn louder.
Why do psychics have to ask you for your name?
If at first you don't succeed, destroy all evidence that you tried.
If at first you don't succeed, then skydiving definitely isn't for you.
A conclusion is the place where you got tired of thinking.
Experience is something you don't get until just after you need it.
For every action, there is an equal and opposite criticism.
The colder the X-ray table, the more of your body is required to be on it.
The hardness of the butter is proportional to the softness of the bread.
The severity of the itch is proportional to the reach.
To steal ideas from one person is plagiarism; to steal from many is research.
You never really learn to swear until you learn to drive.
The problem with the gene pool is that there is no lifeguard.
Monday is an awful way to spend 1/7th of your life.
The sooner you fall behind, the more time you'll have to catch up. 
A clear conscience is usually the sign of a bad memory.
If you must choose between two evils, pick the one you've never tried before.
Change is inevitable....except from vending machines.
A fool and his money are soon partying.
Plan to be spontaneous tomorrow.
If you think nobody cares about you, try missing a couple of payments.
Drugs may lead to nowhere, but at least it's the scenic route.
I'd kill for a Nobel Peace Prize.
Bills travel through the mail at twice the speed of checks.
Borrow money from pessimists-they don't expect it back.
Half the people you know are below average.
99 percent of lawyers give the rest a bad name.
42.7 percent of all statistics are made up on the spot.
A conscience is what hurts when all your other parts feel so good.
On the other hand, you have different fingers.
I was sad because I had no shoes, until I met a man who had no feet. So I said, "Got any shoes you're not using?"
My theory of evolution is that Darwin was adopted.
Someone sent me a postcard picture of the earth. On the back it said, "Wish you were here."
Cross country skiing is great if you live in a small country.
I spilled spot remover on my dog. Now he's gone.
If you're not part of the solution, you're part of the precipitate.
"Did you sleep well?" "No, I made a couple of mistakes."
My dental hygienist is cute. Every time I visit, I eat a whole package of Oreo cookies while waiting in the lobby. Sometimes she has to cancel the rest of the afternoon's appointments.
My socks DO match. They're the same thickness.
Officer, I know I was going faster than 55MPH, but I wasn't going to be on the road an hour.
I have two very rare photographs. One is a picture of Houdini locking his keys in his car.The other is a rare photograph of Norman Rockwell beating up a child.
I stayed up all night playing poker with tarot cards. I got a full house and four people died.
I used to work in a fire hydrant factory. You couldn't park anywhere near the place.
I went to the hardware store and bought some used paint. It was in the shape of a house. I also bought some batteries, but they weren't included.
I went to the museum where they had all the heads and arms from the statues that are in all the other museums.
It's a small world, but I wouldn't want to have to paint it.
Right now I'm having amnesia and deja vu at the same time.
What's another word for Thesaurus?
When I get real bored, I like to drive downtown and get a great parking spot, then sit in my car and count how many people ask me if I'm leaving.
When I was crossing the border into Canada, they asked if I had any firearms with me. I said, "Well, what do you need?"
You can't have everything. Where would you put it?
A lot of people are afraid of heights. Not me, I'm afraid of widths.
If you were going to shoot a mime, would you use a silencer?
I planted some bird seed. A bird came up. Now I don't know what to feed it.
I made a chocolate cake with white chocolate. Then I took it to a potluck. I stood in line for some cake. They said, "Do you want white cake or chocolate cake?" I said, "yes".
My aunt gave me a walkie-talkie for my birthday. She says if I'm good, she'll give me the other one next year.
I went to the bank and asked to borrow a cup of money. They said, "What for?" I said, "I'm going to buy some sugar."
I eat swiss cheese from the inside out.
I had amnesia once or twice.
I bought a million lottery tickets. I won a dollar.
I got a chain letter by fax. It's very simple. You just fax a dollar bill to everybody on the list.
I plugged my phone in where the blender used to be. I called someone. They went "Aaaaahhhh..."
My friend Sam has one leg. I went to his house. I couldn't go up the stairs.
The sun never sets on the British Empire. But it rises every morning. The sky must get awfully crowded.
I brought a mirror to Lovers' Lane. I told everybody I'm Narcissus.
You know how it is when you decide to lie and say the check is in the mail, and then you remember it really is? I'm like that all the time.
How many people does it take to change a searchlight bulb?
I was in the grocery store. I saw a sign that said "pet supplies". So I did. Then I went outside and saw a sign that said "compact cars".
The sky already fell. Now what?
I wear my heart on my sleeve. I wear my liver on my pant leg.
I still have my Christmas Tree. I looked at it today. Sure enough, I couldn't see any forests.
When I was in boy scouts, I slipped on the ice and hurt my ankle. A little old lady had to help me across the street.
If you write the word "monkey" a million times, do you start to think you're Shakespeare?
You know how it is when you're reading a book and falling asleep, you're reading, reading...and all of a sudden you notice your eyes are closed? I'm like that all the time.
My roommate got a pet elephant. Then it got lost. It's in the apartment somewhere.
Smoking cures weight problems...eventually...
I had fried octopus last night. You have to be really quiet when you eat it. Otherwise, it emits a cloud of black smoke and falls on the floor.
Yesterday I told a chicken to cross the road. It said, "what for?"
I xeroxed my watch. Now I have time to spare.
I took a course in speed waiting. Now I can wait an hour in only ten minutes.
I eat swiss cheese. But I only nibble on it. I make the holes bigger.
I moved into an all-electric house. I forgot and left the porch light on all day. When I got home the front door wouldn't open.
You know how it is when you go to be the subject of a psychology experiment, and nobody else shows up, and you think maybe that's part of the experiment? I'm like that all the time.
I went over to the neighbor's and asked to borrow a cup of salt. "What are you making?" "A salt lick."
There aren't enough days in the weekend.
My friend Sally is a nudist. I went to her house. The closets have no doors. The walls are covered with see-through wallpaper. Sally plays strip poker. Whenever she loses, she has to put something on.
The sky is falling...no, I'm tipping over backwards.
Droughts are because god didn't pay his water bill.
Is "tired old cliche" one?
If you had a million Shakespeares, could they write like a monkey?
If you tell a joke in the forest, but nobody laughs, was it a joke?
It only rains straight down. God doesn't do windows.
When I get bored I go to a Seven-Eleven and ask for a two-by-four and a box of three-by-fives.
The sign said "eight items or less". So I changed my name to Les.
Yesterday I saw a chicken crossing the road. I asked it why. It told me it was none of my business.
I rented a lottery ticket. I won a million dollars. But I had to give it back.
In school, every period ends with a bell. Every sentence ends with a period. Every crime ends with a sentence.
I xeroxed a mirror. Now I have an extra xerox machine.
I took a course in speed reading. Then I got Reader's Digest on microfilm. By the time I got the machine set up, I was done.
Yesterday I found out what doughnuts are for. You put them on doughbolts. They hold dough airplanes together. For kids, they make erector sets out of play-dough.
I went to a haunted house, looked under the kitchen table, and found spirit gum.
I went to a garage sale. "How much for the garage?" "It's not for sale."
I went to San Francisco. I found someone's heart.
I know the guy who writes all those bumper stickers. He hates New York.
A beautiful woman moved in next door. So I went over and returned a cup of sugar. "You didn't borrow this." "I will."
I had my coathangers spayed.
I washed a sock. Then I put it in the dryer. When I took it out, it was gone.
The Bermuda Triangle got tired of warm weather. It moved to Alaska. Now Santa Claus is missing.
I went to a fancy french restaurant called "Deja Vu." The headwaiter said, "Don't I know you?"
Last week I forgot how to ride a bicycle.
I took lessons in bicycle riding. But I could only afford half of them. Now I can ride a unicycle.
I had some eyeglasses. I was walking down the street when suddenly the prescription ran out.
I got food poisoning today. I don't know when I'll use it.
I put my air conditioner in backwards. It got cold outside. The weatherman on TV was confused. "It was supposed to be hot today."
I was in a job interview and I opened a book and started reading. Then I said to the guy, "Let me ask you a question. If you are in a spaceship that is traveling at the speed of light, and you turn on the headlights, does anything happen?" He said, "I don't know." I said, "I don't want your job."
I was in the first submarine. Instead of a periscope, they had a kaleidoscope. "We're surrounded."
I went camping and borrowed a circus tent by mistake. I didn't notice until I got it set up. People complained because they couldn't see the lake.
When I turned two I was really anxious, because I'd doubled my age in a year. I thought, if this keeps up, by the time I'm six I'll be ninety.
Sponges grow in the ocean. That just kills me. I wonder how much deeper the ocean would be if that didn't happen.
I put instant coffee in a microwave oven and almost went back in time.
It's a fine night to have an evening.
Even snakes are afraid of snakes.
I can't stop thinking like this.
You know how it is when you're walking up the stairs, and you get to the top, and you think there's one more step? I'm like that all the time.
I put hardwood floors on top of wall-to-wall carpet.
Tinsel is really snakes' mirrors.
Two babies were born on the same day at the same hospital. They lay there and looked at each other. Their families came and took them away. Eighty years later, by a bizarre coincidence, they lay in the same hospital, on their deathbeds, next to each other. One of them looked at the other and said, "So. What did you think?"
My grandfather gave me a watch. It doesn't have any hands or numbers. He says it's very accurate. I asked him what time it was. You can guess what he told me.
I spent all my money on a FAX machine. Now I can only FAX collect.
What are imitation rhinestones?
If a word in the dictionary were misspelled, how would we know?
If God dropped acid, would he see people?
In my house there's this light switch that doesn't do anything. Every so often I would flick it on and off just to check. Yesterday, I got a call from a woman in Madagascar. She said, "Cut it out."
It's a good thing we have gravity or else when birds died they'd just stay right up there. Hunters would be all confused.
I wrote a few children's books...not on purpose.
I wrote a song, but I can't read music so I don't know what it is. Every once
in a while I'll be listening to the radio and I say, "I think I might have written that."
"So, do you live around here often?"
I got up one morning, couldn't find my socks, so I called Information. She said, "Hello, Information." I said, "I can't find my socks." She said, "They're behind the couch." And they were!
When I was a little kid we had a sand box. It was a quicksand box. I was an only child....eventually.
A friend of mine once sent me a post card with a picture of the entire planet Earth taken from space. On the back it said, "Wish you were here."
I'm moving to Mars next week, so if you have any boxes...
I saw a bank that said "24 Hour Banking", but I don't have that much time.
I went to the museum where they had all the heads and arms from the statues that are in all the other museums.
I like to go to art museums and name the untitled paintings... Boy With Pail... Kitten On Fire.
I went to a restaurant that serves "breakfast at any time". So I ordered French Toast during the Renaissance.
I went to this restaurant last night that was set up like a big buffet in the shape of an Ouija board. You'd think about what kind of food you want, and the table would move across the floor to it.
I went to a general store. They wouldn't let me buy anything specifically.
I worked in a health food store once. A guy came in and asked me, "If I melt dry ice, can I take a bath without getting wet?"
I went down the street to the 24-hour grocery. When I got there, the guy was locking the front door. I said, "Hey, the sign says you're open 24 hours." He said, "Yes, but not in a row."
I love to go shopping. I love to freak out salespeople. They ask me if they can help me, and I say, "Have you got anything I'd like?" Then they ask me what size I need, and I say, "Extra medium."
I saw a small bottle of cologne and asked if it was for sale. She said, "It's free with purchase." I asked her if anyone bought anything today.
I met this wonderful girl at Macy's. She was buying clothes and I was putting Slinkies on the escalator.
There was a power outage at a department store yesterday. Twenty people were trapped on the escalators.
I bought my brother some gift-wrap for Christmas. I took it to the Gift Wrap department and told them to wrap it, but in a different print so he would know when to stop unwrapping.
For my birthday I got a humidifier and a de-humidifier...I put them in the same room and let them fight it out.
Ever notice how irons have a setting for *permanent* press? I don't get it...
I couldn't find the remote control to the remote control.
I invented the cordless extension cord.
I saw a close friend of mine the other day... He said, "Stephen, why haven't you called me?" I said, "I can't call everyone I want. My new phone has no five on it." He said, "How long have you had it?" I said, "I don't know... my calendar has no sevens on it."
Today I dialed a wrong number... The other person said, "Hello?" and I said, "Hello, could I speak to Joey?"... They said, "Uh... I don't think so... he's only 2 months old." I said, "I'll wait."
I don't like the sound of my phone ringing so I put my phone inside my fish tank. I can't hear it, but every time I get a call I see the fish go like this <<<>>><<>><<<<. I go down to the pet store -- "Gimme another ten guppies, I got a lotta calls yesterday."
I installed a skylight in my apartment...The people who live above me are furious!
All of the people in my building are insane. The guy above me designs synthetic hairballs for ceramic cats. The lady across the hall tried to rob a department store...with a pricing gun. She said, "Give me all of the money in the vault, or I'm marking down everything in the store."
Doing a little work around the house. I put fake brick wallpaper over a real brick wall, just so I'd be the only one who knew. People come over and I'm gonna say, "Go ahead, touch it...it feels real."
In my house on the ceilings I have paintings of the rooms above...so I never have to go upstairs.
One time the power went out in my house and I had to use the flash on my camera to see my way around. I made a sandwich and took fifty pictures of my face./The neighbors thought there was lightning in my house.
All the plants in my house are dead---I shot them last night. I was teasing them by watering them with ice cubes.
I have a microwave fireplace in my house...The other night I laid down in front of the fire for the evening in two minutes.
Winny and I lived in a house that ran on static electricity...If you wanted to run the blender, you had to rub balloons on your head. If you wanted to cook, you had to pull off a sweater real quick.
I bought a house, on a one-way dead-end road. I don't know how I got there.
I went to the hardware store and bought some used paint. It was in the shape of a house. I also bought some batteries, but they weren't included. So I had to buy them again.
My house is made out of balsa wood, so when I want to scare the neighborhood kids I lift it over my head and tell them to get out of my yard or I'll throw it at them.
The other night I came home late, and tried to unlock my house with my car keys. I started the house up. So, I drove it around for a while. I was speeding, and a cop pulled me over. He asked where I lived. I said, "right here, officer". Later, I parked it on the freeway, got out, and yelled at all the cars, "Get out of my driveway!"
My house is on the median strip of a highway. You don't really notice, except I have to leave the driveway doing 60 MPH.
For a while I didn't have a car...I had a helicopter...no place to park it, so I just tied it to a lamp post and left it running.
I hooked up my accelerator pedal in my car to my brake lights. I hit the gas, people behind me stop, and I'm gone.
I replaced the headlights in my car with strobe lights, so it looks like I'm the only one moving.
I play the harmonica. The only way I can play is if I get my car going really fast, and stick it out the window. I put a new engine in my car, but forgot to take the old one out. Now my car goes 500 miles per hour. The harmonica sounds *amazing*.
I watched the Indy 500, and I was thinking that if they left earlier they wouldn't have to go so fast.
I had to stop driving my car for a while...the tires got dizzy.
My neighbor has a circular driveway...he can't get out.
I have an answering machine in my car. It says, "I'm home now. But leave a message and I'll call when I'm out."
Last year we drove across the country. We switched on the driving...every half mile...We had one cassette tape to listen to on the entire trip...I don't remember what it was.
I saw a sign: "Rest Area 25 Miles". That's pretty big. Some people must be really tired.
A cop stopped me for speeding. He said, "Why were you going so fast?" I said, "See this thing my foot is on? It's called an accelerator. When you push down on it, it sends more gas to the engine. The whole car just takes right off. And see this thing? This steers it."
One time a cop pulled me over for running a stop sign. He said, "Didn't you see the stop sign?" I said, "Yeah, but I don't believe everything I read."
I got my driver's license photo taken out of focus on purpose. Now when I get pulled over the cop looks at it (moving it nearer and farther, trying to see it clearly)...and says, "Here, you can go."
The judge asked, "What do you plead?" I said, "Insanity, your honour, who in their right mind would park in the passing lane?"
I can remember the first time I had to go to sleep. Mom said, "Steven, time to go to sleep." I said, "But I don't know how." She said, "It's real easy. Just go down to the end of tired and hang a left." So I went down to the end of tired, and just out of curiosity I hung a right. My mother was there, and she said "I thought I told you to go to sleep."
I hate it when my foot falls asleep during the day because that means it's going to be up all night.
When I woke up this morning my girlfriend asked me, "Did you sleep good?" I said, "No, I made a few mistakes."
I was trying to daydream, but my mind kept wandering.
One night I walked home very late and fell asleep in somebody's satellite dish. My dreams were showing up on TV's all over the world.
My girlfriend does her nails with white-out. When she's asleep, I go over there and write misspelled words on them.
I bought a self learning record to learn Spanish. I turned it on and went to sleep; the record got stuck. The next day I could only stutter in Spanish.
I was going to tape some records onto a cassette, but I got the wires backwards. I erased all of the records. When I returned them to my friend, he said, "Hey, these records are all blank."
Last year I went fishing with Salvador Dali. He was using a dotted line. He caught every other fish.
There's a fine line between fishing and standing on the shore looking like an idiot.
I bought a dog the other day...I named him Stay. It's fun to call him... "Come here, Stay! Come here, Stay!" He went insane. Now he just ignores me and keeps typing.
I put contact lenses in my dog's eyes. They had little pictures of cats on them. Then I took one out and he ran around in circles.
The other day, I was walking my dog around my building...on the ledge.
They say we're 98% water. We're that close to drowning...[picks up his glass of water from the stool]...I like to live on the edge...
I bought some powdered water, but I don't know what to add to it.
I was born by Caesarian section...but not so you'd notice. It's just that when I leave a house, I go out through the window.
When I was little, my grandfather used to make me stand in a closet for five minutes without moving. He said it was elevator practice.
I didn't get a toy train like the other kids. I got a toy subway instead. You couldn't see anything, but every now and then you'd hear this rumbling noise go by.
It is the journey that is to be exalted, not the prize at its end. - Anonymous
Philosophy is questions that may never be answered, religion is answers that may never be questioned. - Anonymous
Socialism is the radical idea that humans should care for one another. - Jon Goldberger
Anyone who quotes themself is an asshole. - Jon Goldberger
There is no time like the present to procrastinate. - Anonymous
People who think they know everything are a great annoyance to those of us who do. - Isaac Asimov 
A word to the wise ain't necessary - it's the stupid ones that need the advice. - Bill Cosby
A child of five would understand this. Send someone to fetch a child of five. - Groucho Marx
A lot of people are afraid of heights. Not me, I'm afraid of widths. - Steven Wright
Behind every great man is a woman rolling her eyes. - Jim Carrey
Get your facts first, then you can distort them as you please. - Mark Twain
I like long walks, especially when they are taken by people who annoy me. - Fred Allen
A nickel ain't worth a dime anymore. -  Yogi Berra
Always remember that you are absolutely unique. Just like everyone else. - Margaret Mead
Do not worry about avoiding temptation. As you grow older it will avoid you. - Joey Adams
I always wanted to be somebody, but now I realize I should have been more specific. - Lily Tomlin
It takes considerable knowledge just to realize the extent of your own ignorance. - Thomas Sowell
I refuse to join any club that would have me as a member. - Groucho Marx
By all means let's be open-minded, but not so open-minded that our brains drop out. - Richard Dawkins
Happiness is having a large, loving, caring, close-knit family in another city. - George Burns
We must believe in luck. For how else can we explain the success of those we don’t like? - Jean Cocteau
People who have what they want are very fond of telling people who don't have what they want that they don’t want it. - Ogden Nash
Everybody lies, but it doesn’t matter since nobody listens. - Nick Diamos
To be sure of hitting the target, shoot first. And, whatever you hit, call it the target. - Ashleigh Brilliant
They’ve finally come up with the perfect office computer. If it makes a mistake, it blames another computer. - Milton Berle
Avoid fruits and nuts. You are what you eat. - Jim Davis
Graduation Speech: I’d like to thank the internet, Google, Wikipedia, Microsoft Word, and Copy & Paste. - Unknown
It matters not whether you win or lose; what matters is whether I win or lose. - Darrin Weinberg
A good lawyer knows the law; a clever one takes the judge to lunch. - Unknown
Always end the name of your child with a vowel, so that when you yell the name will carry. - Bill Cosby
If things get any worse, I’ll have to ask you to stop helping me. - Anonymous
The duty of a patriot is to protect his country from its government. - Thomas Paine
A house is just a place to keep your stuff while you go out and get more stuff. - George Carlin
If you can make a girl laugh – you can make her do anything. - Marilyn Monroe
The towels were so thick there I could hardly close my suitcase. - Yogi Berra
It takes 8,460 bolts to assemble an automobile, and one nut to scatter it all over the road. - Unknown
If it weren’t for electricity we’d all be watching television by candlelight. - George Gobal
TV has proved that people will look at anything rather than each other. - Ann Landers
Always do sober what you said you’d do drunk. That will teach you to keep your mouth shut. - Ernest Hemingway
Be nice to nerds. Chances are you’ll end up working with one. - Bill Gates
When a subject becomes totally obsolete we make it a required course. - Peter Drucker
Did you ever walk in a room and forget why you walked in? I think that’s how dogs spend their lives. - Sue Murphy
If you ask me anything I don’t know, I’m not going to answer. - Yogi Berra
If it’s sent by ship then it’s a cargo, if it’s sent by road then it’s a shipment. - Dave Allen
The quickest way to double your money is to fold it in half and put it back in your pocket. - Will Rogers
What do you mean, my birth certificate expired? - Anonymous
Don’t let your mind wander, Its too little to be let out alone. - Anonymous
Nobody goes where the crowds are anymore. It’s too crowded. - Yogi Berra
The only thing that interferes with my learning is my education. - Albert Einstein
As far as the laws of mathematics refer to reality, they are not certain; as far as they are certain, they do not refer to reality. - Albert Einstein
Common sense is the collection of prejudices acquired by age eighteen. - Albert Einstein
The release of atomic energy has not created a new problem. It has merely made more urgent the necessity of solving an existing one. - Albert Einstein
If you are out to describe the truth, leave elegance to the tailor. - Albert Einstein
I know not with what weapons World War III will be fought, but World War IV will be fought with sticks and stones. - Albert Einstein
In the beginning was nonsense, and the nonsense was with God, and the nonsense was God. - Anonymous
A casual stroll through a lunatic asylum shows that faith does not prove anything. - Friedrich Neitzsche
Ah, women. They make the highs higher and the lows more frequent. - Friedrich Neitzsche
Is man one of God’s blunders? Or is God one of man’s blunders? - Friedrich Neitzsche
Many are stubborn in pursuit of the path they have chosen, few in pursuit of the goal. - Friedrich Neitzsche
Be careful about reading health books. You may die of a misprint. - Mark Twain
I have never let my schooling interfere with my education. - Mark Twain
The man who doesn’t read good books has no advantage over the man who can’t read them. - Mark Twain
Why do you sit there looking like an envelope without any address on it? - Mark Twain
Prejudices are what fools use for reason. - Voltaire
If there were no God, it would have been necessary to invent him. - Voltaire
Every man is guilty of all the good he didn’t do. - Voltaire
No snowflake in an avalanche ever feels responsible. - Voltaire
The true triumph of reason is that it enables us to get along with those who do not possess it. - Voltaire
It is hard to free fools from the chains they revere. - Voltaire
There are men who can think no deeper than a fact. - Voltaire
Anyone who has the power to make you believe absurdities has the power to make you commit injustices. - Voltaire
Anything too stupid to be said is sung. - Voltaire
Governments need to have both shepherds and butchers. - Voltaire
One of the penalties for refusing to participate in politics is that you end up being governed by your inferiors. - Plato
No one ever teaches well who wants to teach, or governs well who wants to govern. - Plato
Courage is knowing what not to fear. - Plato
The measure of a man is what he does with power. - Plato
A lie gets halfway around the world before the truth has a chance to get its pants on. - Winston Churchill
If you are going through hell, keep going. - Winston Churchill
The best argument against democracy is a five-minute conversation with the average voter. - Winston Churchill
It has been said that democracy is the worst form of government except all the others that have been tried. - Winston Churchill
Think of how stupid the average person is, and realize half of them are stupider than that. - George Carlin
You know the good part about all those executions in Texas? Fewer Texans. - George Carlin
I never fucked a ten, but one night, I fucked five twos. - George Carlin
What year did Jesus think it was? - George Carlin
Atheism is a non-prophet organization. - George Carlin
“No comment” is a comment. - George Carlin
If a man smiles all the time, he’s probably selling something that doesn’t work. - George Carlin
The reason they call it the American Dream is because you have to be asleep to believe it. - George Carlin
Boy, those French: They have a different word for everything! - Steve Martin
There is one thing I would break up over, and that is if she caught me with another woman. I won’t stand for that. - Steve Martin
I believe that sex is one of the most beautiful, natural, wholesome things that money can buy. -  Tom Clancy
First the doctor told me the good news: I was going to have a disease named after me. - Steve Martin
I celebrated Thanksgiving in an old-fashioned way. I invited everyone in my neighborhood to my house, we had an enormous feast, and then I killed them and took their land. - Jon Stewart
Here’s something to think about: How come you never see a headline like ‘Psychic Wins Lottery’? - Jay Leno
The Supreme Court has ruled that they cannot have a nativity scene in Washington, D.C. This wasn’t for any religious reasons. They couldn’t find three wise men and a virgin. - Jay Leno
The New England Journal of Medicine reports that 9 out of 10 doctors agree that 1 out of 10 doctors is an idiot. - Jay Leno
I was raped by a doctor. Which is, you know, so bittersweet for a Jewish girl. - Sarah Silverman
While drinking, as you pass the half way point the glass is half empty. While filling past the halfway point, the glass is half full. - Jon Goldberger
A day without sunshine is like, you know, night. - Steve Martin 
It is an interesting and demonstrable fact, that all children are atheists and were religion not inculcated into their minds, they would remain so. - Ernestine Rose
I contend that we are both atheists. I just believe in one fewer god than you do. When you understand why you dismiss all the other possible gods, you will understand why I dismiss yours. - Stephen Roberts
A thorough reading and understanding of the Bible is the surest path to atheism. - Donald Morgan
I believe in God, only I spell it Nature. - Frank Lloyd Wright
There can be but little liberty on earth while men worship a tyrant in heaven. - Robert Green Ingersoll
If there is a God, atheism must strike Him as less of an insult than religion. - Edmond and Jules De Goncourt
If atheism is a religion, then bald is a hair color. - Mark Schnitzius
There are no atheists in foxholes" isn't an argument against atheism, it's an argument against foxholes. - James Morrow
No philosophy, no religion, has ever brought so glad a message to the world as this good news of Atheism. - Annie Besant
Nothing can be more contrary to religion and the clergy than reason and common sense. - Voltaire
In no instance have . . . the churches been guardians of the liberties of the people. - James Madison
History, I believe, furnishes no example of a priest-ridden people maintaining a free civil government. - Thomas Jefferson
Religion is an insult to human dignity. With or without it, you'd have good people doing good things and evil people doing bad things, but for good people to do bad things, it takes religion. - Steven Weinberg
At present there is not a single credible established religion in the world. - George Bernard Shaw
It's easy to tell who the folks are that don't believe in evolution. They're the ones who have refused to participate in it. - Daniel Solove
It is a curious thing that God learned Greek when he wished to turn author - and that he did not learn it better. - Friedrich Nietzsche